Expert Daisy Griffin

High

# Anyone can overwrite reputer `p2pkey` values

## Summary

Anyone can overwrite reputer `p2pkey` values

## Vulnerability Detail

The `Register` function in the `msg_server_registrations.go` file is used to register new reputers or workers.

This function also takes in a `LibP2PKey` value to identify the reputer/worker.

```go
nodeInfo := types.OffchainNode{
    NodeAddress:  msg.Sender,
    LibP2PKey:    msg.LibP2PKey,
    MultiAddress: msg.MultiAddress,
    Owner:        msg.Owner,
    NodeId:       msg.Owner + "|" + msg.LibP2PKey,
}

//@audit anyone can add these as long as they pay the fund. can overwrite other user p2p keys
if msg.IsReputer {
    err = ms.k.InsertReputer(ctx, msg.TopicId, msg.Sender, nodeInfo)
    if err != nil {
        return nil, err
}
```

However, the issue is that this `LibP2PKey` value is not checked. This value is actually used when inserting the reputer, and is used to set the `reputers` mapping in the keeper.

```go
err = k.reputers.Set(ctx, reputerInfo.LibP2PKey, reputerInfo)
```

So a user can pass in some other reputer's `LibP2PKey` value, and it will overwrite this mapping and assign to the new reputer using this value. Thus the `LibP2PKey` value will now point to the new reputer's nodeInfo and thus its address instead of the original reputer's values.

The main issue is that the protocol uses this mapping in its internals. The `GetReputerByLibp2pKey` function is called by the `GetReputerNodeInfo` function in the `query_server_registrations.go` file, and this function is used throughout the SDK to get reputer addresses.

So users can hijack a libp2pkey and force the system to address it whenever using that key.

## Impact

This allows any user to hijack a libp2pkey being used by another reputer/worker. Users using `GetReputerByLibp2pKey` to find reputer addresses will also be redirected to the wrong reputer address.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-allora/blob/main/allora-chain/x/emissions/keeper/msgserver/msg_server_registrations.go#L41-L59

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Disallow overwriting of `LibP2PKey` values. If the `LibP2PKey` value exists, revert during registration.
