Stable Blue Sloth

High

# Unauthorized Deregistration of Reputers and Workers

## Summary
Allora AppChain's RemoveRegistration function allows unauthorized users to remove any registered reputer or worker. This issue arises due to insufficient verification of the message sender's identity and authority. Malicious actors can exploit this vulnerability by crafting messages that appear to be from a valid reputer or worker, leading to unauthorized deregistration and potential collusion to maximize rewards gain from the network or to simply DOS the system.

## Vulnerability Detail
The RemoveRegistration function in the Allora AppChain is designed to allow registered reputers and workers to deregister from a topic. However, the function only verifies if the message sender is registered in the topic without confirming if the sender is indeed the valid signer of the message or has the authority to perform the deregistration. This lack of proper authentication can be exploited by malicious actors resulting in unauthorized removal of reputers and workers.
https://github.com/allora-network/allora-chain/blob/3a97afe7af027c96749fac7c4327ae85359a61c8/x/emissions/keeper/msgserver/msg_server_registrations.go#L70-L110
```js
// Remove registration from a topic for worker or reputer
func (ms msgServer) RemoveRegistration(ctx context.Context, msg *types.MsgRemoveRegistration) (*types.MsgRemoveRegistrationResponse, error) {
    // Check if topic exists
    topicExists, err := ms.k.TopicExists(ctx, msg.TopicId)
    if err != nil {
        return nil, err
    }
    if !topicExists {
        return nil, types.ErrTopicDoesNotExist
    }

    // Proceed based on whether requester is removing their reputer or worker registration
    if msg.IsReputer {
        isRegisteredInTopic, err := ms.k.IsReputerRegisteredInTopic(ctx, msg.TopicId, msg.Sender)
        if err != nil {
            return nil, err
        }

        if !isRegisteredInTopic {
            return nil, types.ErrAddressIsNotRegisteredInThisTopic
        } 
        // Existing Code ...
 }
```
## Impact
This vulnerability can have severe impacts on the Allora AppChain, including:
1. Unauthorized Deregistration - Malicious actors can deregister any reputer or worker
2. Disruption of Services - May simply be a griefing attack for all reputers & worker causing DOS
3. Loss of rewards - Legitimate reputers and workers may lose their stakes and rewards due to unauthorized deregistration.

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
It is recommended to implement proper verification of the message sender's identity and authority before allowing the deregistration.